hi I'm James from ether language comm if
you're preparing for an English exam
then you need to improve your vocabulary
as quickly as possible how do you do
this the key to building your IELTS
vocabulary to build your vocabulary you
need to understand what language is it
has two ingredients
that's all words and rules in this
lesson we'll talk about words look at
this sentence it contains every type of
word in English natural catastrophes
such as volcanic eruptions repeatedly
shatter cultures and States in many
areas around the world which is
extremely problematic there are eight
different word types in English that
sentence contains them all
they are nouns verbs adjectives adverbs
articles prepositions pronouns
conjunctions these eight word types can
be split into two groups meaning words
and grammar words meaning words include
nouns verbs adjectives and adverbs and
the grammar words include prepositions
articles pronouns and conjunctions let's
look at the meaning words in our
sentence meaning words look at the
sentence again I want you to identify
the words that have meaning these will
be the nouns verbs adjectives and
adverbs these words will put a picture
in your mind
cool
so the meaningful words the words that
put a picture in your mind are natural
catastrophes volcanic eruptions
repeatedly shatter cultures States many
areas world extremely and problematic
grammar words look at the sentence again
identify the words that do not contain
meaning these are the words that hold
the sentence together to make it
grammatical these include the articles
prepositions pronouns and conjunctions
did you see them the grammar words are
such as and in around the witch is think
about language like this think about
language like a brick wall there are two
parts the bricks and the cement the
bricks are the meaning words the nouns
verbs adjectives and adverbs the cement
is the grammar the articles prepositions
pronouns and conjunctions the cement
holds the bricks together the key to
building vocabulary it's important to
know that there are tens of thousands of
bricks in English thousands of nouns
thousands of verbs thousands of
adjectives and adverbs but there are
only very few cement words very few
articles prepositions pronouns and
conjunctions there are two keys to
building your vocabulary the first thing
you need to be able to do is to identify
work types you need to be able to look
at a sentence and think that's a noun
that's a verb that's a preposition the
second thing you need to be able to do
is apply the grammar rules to the words
that's it once you learn how to identify
the word types and apply the grammar
rules you just need to start adding
bricks practice if you want to apply the
knowledge you have just learned to build
your vocabulary and improve your English
then sign up at e to language calm now
you